yeah gotta drink 5-hour energy it's not
a drink more like a drink
oh hey gee did you bring the mail in yet
no I've been saving that to calm myself
lest I get to giddy from rubbing my cock
you know you really need a woman gee
that's a woman
drink 5-hour energy drink 5-hour energy
drink true I figured it out well I'm
gonna get dad what he always wanted Wow
Pizza Hut in the garage
watch and learn hello is President Bush
there I'm sorry I can't hear you very
well
look at those funny little markings
underneath the pictures we call them
words very well this President Bush
there I can't breathe
ah I'll see you later
ah Haji would you make me a sandwich No
now this is a story all about how my
life got flipped-turned upside down and
i'd like to take a shit on a couple of
guys in my mom
my mom got scared as a woman I was a
board cab and when it came near the
license plate said yeah the dice in the
mirror if anything
directions well what are you talking
about I'm not having anything ma'am
well yes directions yeah thank you
hey Jeffrey from an objective point of
view
oh hello is presents sssss it there
no but it's President Bush there no
Carlton Carlton it's Carlton Carlton are
you by any chance come no not available
perhaps you should let George know that
is Carlton I'm gonna position to scratch
his Bush if he'll scratch mine capisce
hello well I think you're being really
unreasonable well talk shit I don't care
for Yusef fuck Philip banks banks wants
to empty the banks fill our streets with
banks and run a bank making operation
out of his banks but dead aren't some of
those banks
girls and Holly they're all loves how
can they get away there's still time to
fight back I'm not gonna fight back
what what what what I'm not gonna fight
back
why what what oh let me tell you a
little story
Oh No now this is a story all about this
young boy who lived in Philly right and
he was the prettiest little boy you ever
seen in your life and right next to him
lived this filthy make rotten dude and
he wanted his body right so one day -
dude was about to get it on right the
gong boy said no you can be my boyfriend
so the nasty dude snatch off into his
hands and came out your stick and do you
know why
no because the nasty dude had a
two-headed cock so the stories about you
isn't it will
that's right Uncle Phil will you should
be ashamed of yourself you heady - who
Hedy - who more after this whoo Uncle
Phil you got to kick that man's butt
oh he like Megan he like legs kick my
Thanks you should kick my box and kick
the man what what what what what the
goes against everything I stand for what
sure what with over 9000 percent of the
district's reporting judge Robertson has
overwhelmingly defeated the districts
reporting hey on a brighter note I see
you've brought your lovely family with
you including your daughter kft your
father sucks so tell me oh you're free
for dinner tonight
my father just got an erection well who
do we have here let's get the hell out
of here
there goes Philip banks the biggest ass
that ever lived what a douche excuse me
you heard me sass I think you should
take that back man don't you do yeah
well I think you're a big boy man you be
dropped down
oh my god he's God
how you doing baby
um just feel so guilty after I don't
care I know I have it I could ever digga
digga digga do really yeah Carlton banks
that's BAE NK yes noe
that was a joke man the phone's dead
well comment I am NOT a kid I'd like to
welcome you to the memorial for Carlton
saying a few words on behalf of the
Department will be Phillips what can you
say about Carlton he was Carlton at this
time I'd like to invite someone with an
especially warm memory of Carl's and
come up here and share it with us sorry
sex
did he not feel pain when he was hurt I
mean I mean I mean I mean did he not
shift did he not dreams he was only
human but yes he was chicken and waffles
and I fail to believe that the world can
profit from a man's dick each and every
one of you should be really ashamed of
yourself and who are you I'm the dude
look I think I know how to help will
we've got a
we won't believe this
nice mr. mouffette nasally you make any
moment you're kidding
Philip I want to kill myself would you
make me a sandwich she's up for Chester
for supper just before self-adjusting
for Chinese food I'm gonna zip my pants
up dad hoppity shake numbers numbers
numbers alley Lally
not to me
heaven has to be like a cross between a
hike like video and chicken and women
see it's like I'm gonna have a leg in
one hand and I'm repping other banks
residence uh uh um so yeah right but
what was all that mr. Robertson's mr.
Robertson say
Oh
Wow
I'm sorry Little Richard
what's going on out here underneath it
up Geoffrey free me free me baby I hope
they pay me more than they pay you more
than they pay Master William Oh
seriously Geoffrey free me free me free
you should get in on this Jim I don't
nobody call me a cow damn oh damn oh
damn
Swoopes
Oh
come on you're wasting your time idiot
look let me tell you boy something about
women
nope FFF FFF FFF
you really give me let me tell you boy
something about women something about
women yes women is a trip uncle uncle
let's say you accidentally scream out
need jumping all out the back
would you witness ouch ohh
you swindled me I was planning to use
that money on pot now if you'll excuse
me I'm going to enjoy the one thing you
can't swindle for me hey G would you
make me a sandwich I can't believe you
missed that one G yeah even will could
have guessed that one and only thing he
reads is my first short story hey would
you make me a sandwich your first short
story your first short story in the same
room well if you're so confident in my
lack of ability make a little wager say
$30 done what do you say Jeffrey Freeman
Freeman BP why not w-what that fuck and
the question is who is the question no
the correct answer is no splice a we
call
dad some people do anything for money
hey wonder all history and the final
brainstorm question is
oh I know the minimization the
mineralization correct correct Hilary
how'd you know that
haha and might I add are you sure we
should do this look come on Mandan means
either this would this will mom and dad
are gonna kill us when they find out oh
come on come on okay okay
would you make me a sandwich your
mother's driving me crazy obviously if I
give up well gee dad won't you just
witness how much I did it sex so
challenge you haven't seen me I'm not at
home you read it you read it I did read
it yeah yeah that's it uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh oh well that's okay cause you
read it you read it and you read it and
I want you to read it I will Oh check it
out huh ponies are coming on turn it up
turn it up why Geoffrey do you like
ponies that's if you want to say what
the heck is this
it's Tony's Ted what are you out of your
horny little on lesson minds I know I am
dead
you're a mommy I'm home this is terrible
I'll say
listen get them some cookies
will mom and daddy's gonna find out what
we did no they're not
Jeffrey would you make me a sandwich yes
made such a fool of myself
Uncle Phil will give you your job back
gentlemen gene cage if you can't go it
was a joke man would you make me a
sandwich
you did what are you horny little ass
mom what you did was not only
humiliating if you were me what would
you do um a Pizza Hut in the garage you
look bigger for you you take the horny
little ass and you find Geoffrey and you
find Geoffrey and you find Geoffrey and
you find Geoffrey and you find Geoffrey
and you find Geoffrey and you find you
really I don't mind a yelling but it
didn't it the species beep ooh are you
ooh am I Who am I Who am I I'm a black
man with a short black man black man we
should do this
show them to that table how do you think
Jim feels when he changes into his gym
shorts hey what's that supposed to mean
yoo-hoo waiter dye tzimmes sim honest
Plan B say miss say miss check it out
look on me I'm Ali
what oh my god this is my mother Carlton
no I want to grow whoa you two are real
I can't believe you'd go through all
right we miss you we love you dad
we miss you we love you dad
we miss you all right oh I'm a-comin
Luigi yo yo yo my brother Carlton hey
Luigi would you make me a sandwich
No